Default Screen (so that we don’t have to type too much in)

60 trials
word pairs
study time 0
short/long lag clicked (can you make 2 seconds?)


A new instructions page, as soon as they finish the settings page:

Welcome to this Experiment!

In phase 1 of this experiment, you will be shown a list of word-synonym pairs. Please try to learn them. Some time later, on a test, you will be shown only the first word of each pair, and will be asked to type in the synonym. 

(Button to begin)


30 word-pairs are presented (since half of the 60 had 0 sec study time). 


Change the old instructions to the following:

Now, you will be tested on the words you studied in phase 1.  Each word will be presented alone, and below each word will be two boxes: “I know it” and “I don’t k now it”. Your task is simply to click one of these buttons for each word. 

If you feel that you know the synonym, and can say it, then click “I know it”. Once you click, you’ll be asked to type in the synonym. Some words may not have been on the list that you just studied. But you may still take your best guess if you feel that you know the synonym.

If you cannot say the synonym, click, “I don’t know it”. Once you click, you will be asked to rate, on a slider scale, how confident you are that you don’t know the answer. Just click on the scale indicating your confidence in not knowing. 

Since we are also recording how long it takes for you to respond to each word, please try to be as quick, but as accurate as possible. 

(can you also add a question mark after each word in this section?) 


final instructions page:

Great, you’re almost finished. Now, you will be shown some of the same words again, but only those that you said you did not know. 

The synonym will be shown with the question, and your task is to click whether you had actually studied that word pair in phase 1, or whether it was unfamiliar. 

(and then under each word pair say “Had you studied this pair in phase 1?”)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

cooperation 

The total number of questions you answer correctly will be combined and assessed together, with another participant, chosen at random. 

competition

The total number of questions you answer correctly will be compared and assessed against another participant, chosen at random.   
