"According to the ancient Egyptians who is the god of fertility, life, and death?"	Osiris"According to William Shakespeare ""Something is rotten in the state of___""?"	Denmark For what magazine did Hugh Hefner serve as circulation manager while he was raising money to launch Playboy?	Children's Activities magazineHow many members are on a soccer team? 	ElevenIn tennis what is the name of 0 points? 	Love "In the original L. Frank Baum story ""The Wonderful Wizard of Oz"", what color were Dorothy's slippers? "	Silver In what country is the Suez canal? 	Egypt In what country is the volcano Mt. Merapi located?	IndonesiaIn what state was the TV show LOST filmed? 	HawaiiIn which state is Mt. Rushmore located?	South Dakota"Prior to his death in 1999, John F. Kennedy, Jr. founded what politically-themed magazine?"	GeorgeThe back lobe of the brain is called the ____ lobe.	Occipital Who was the father of classical conditioning?	PavlovWhat are collections of limestone cones that arise from the floor of a cave?	StalagmitesWhat are the names of the two gangs in West Side Story? 	Sharks and Jets What car runs on battery and gasoline?	HybridWhat did blind bank robber David Worrell use as a weapon when trying to rob a London bank?	A caneWhat did Oedipus solve at the gates of Thebes? 	Sphinx's riddle What do leukemia sufferers have too many of?	White blood cells or leukocytes"What does ""CPR"" stand for in medical emergencies?"	Cardiopulmonary resuscitationWhat does PET stand for in a PET scan?	Positron emission tomography What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism? 	Joseph Stalin"What hereditary blood defect is known as ""the royal disease""?"	HemophiliaWhat holiday come the day before Boxing Day?	ChristmasWhat is the biggest planet by volume?	SaturnWhat is the capital of Australia? 	Canberra What is the capital of California?	Sacramento What is the capital of Canada?	OttawaWhat is the first name of Scrooge?	EbenezerWhat is the last name of the author of the Lord of the Rings? 	TolkienWhat is the last name of the person well known for dancing on many occasions with Fred Astair? 	Roberts "What is the last name of the person who said: ""I'm the President of the United States and I'm not going to eat any more broccoli""? "	BushWhat is the last name of the player who holds the record for most career fumbles in a Super Bowl?	StaubachWhat is the last name of the scientist who discovered radiation?	CurieWhat is the most populated city in the world?	TokyoWhat model appeared topless on the self-penned 1993 novel Pirate?	FabioWhat powers the sun? 	Fusion "What problem did Leonardo da Vinci, Winston Churchill, Albert Einstein, Thomas Edison, and General George Patton have in common? "	DyslexiaWhat was the first living creature ever ejected from a supersonic aircraft? 	BearWhat was the last country in Eastern Europe to abandon rigid Communist Party rule? 	AlbaniaWhat was the last name of the author of the novel Bleak House? 	 DickensWhat was the last name of the Benedictine monk who legend has it invented Champagne? 	PerignonWhat was the last name of the drummer for the Beatles?	Starr What was the last name of the first man on the moon?	Armstrong What was the last name of the MVP of the first Super Bowl?	Starr"What was the last name of the person who shot and killed Alexander Hamilton, the founder of Columbia University? "	Burr What was the last US space ship to be launched into space? 	Atlantis What's the ballet term for a 360-degree turn on one foot? 	PirouetteWhat's the medical term for low blood sugar?	HypoglycemiaWhat's the most frequently diagnosed cancer in men? 	ProstrateWhat's the tranquilizer diazepam better known as?	ValiumWhich country gave the USA the 'Statute of Liberty'?	FranceWhich is the last name of the president who designed the New Deal?	Roosevelt"Who was the queen of Egypt, lover of Caesar and Mark Anthony? "	Cleopatra Who won the world series (baseball) in 2011? 	St. Louis Cardinals Who wrote operettas with Gilbert? 	SullivanWhose skull did Hamlet find?	Yorick 