id	Pool	Question	Correct	Distractor1	Distractor2	Distractor3srcA-1	adults	Which US swimmer won eight gold medals in the 2008 Beijing Games?	Michael Phelps	Roadrunner	The Flash	AquamansrcA-2	adults	How many cups are in a quart?	4	2	3	1srcA-3	adults	What car runs on battery and gasoline?	Hybrid	Bio Fuel	Diesel	GasolinesrcA-4	adults	Which of these colors are created from mixing green and orange?	yellow	red	blue	brownsrcA-5	adults	What is the last name of the United States Secretary of State	Clinton	Biden	Obama	GeithnersrcA-6	adults	Who is the governor of New York?	paterson	bloomberg	harris	lawrencesrcA-7	adults	How many lobes are human brains made up of?	4	2	3	1srcA-8	adults	Which Friends star once was married to actor Brad Pitt?	Jennifer Aniston	Lisa Kudrow	Courtney Cox	Rachel RayssrcA-9	adults	What is the capital of Canada?	Ottawa	Quebec City	Yukon 	MontrealsrcA-10	adults	Which president designed the New Deal?	Roosevelt	Obamma	Reagan	HooversrcA-11	adults	What is the last name of the scientist who discovered Radiation	Curie	Fermi	Einstein	PlanksrcA-12	adults	What are collections of limestone cones that arise from the floor of a cave?	Stalagmites	Stalactites	Lava tubes	SpeleothemsrcA-13	adults	"This fish, called the Mola-Mola, and over 12 ft long goes by which more common name?"	Ocean Sunfish	Skate	Toad fish	Long Bonetail fishsrcA-14	adults	What is the most pupulated city in the world?	Tokyo	Mumbai	New York City	ShanghaisrcA-15	adults	Which NFL team won the 2008 superbowl?	New York Giants	New England Patroits	Arizona Cardinals	Pittsburgh SteelerssrcA-16	adults	Complete this children's nursery rthyme:  Three blind ___________?	mice	chickens	rats	catssrcA-17	adults	Which of these ships did not sail under Christopher Columbus?	Quinia	Santa Maria	Nina	PintasrcA-18	adults	What does PC stand for?	Personal Computer	Private Computer	Pitiful Computer	Professional ComputersrcA-19	adults	What is the capital of New York?	Albany 	Buffalo	New York City	MineolasrcA-20	adults	Which state is Mt. Rushmore located in?	South Dakota	Kansas	Nebraska	IllinoissrcA-21	adults	What place is the 7 held in for the number 5.6879?	thousands	hundreds	ones	ten thousandssrcA-22	adults	Which of these zodiac signs is represented by a ram?	Lybra	Capricorn	Aries	AquariussrcA-23	adults	Sadam Husaine was the leader of which country?	Iraq	Iran	Kuwait	Saudi AriabasrcA-24	adults	The Dalai Lama origionated from this Plateau region in Asia?	Tibet	Bhutan	Nepal	ThimpusrcA-25	adults	3rd Grade: what is the product of 6*4	24	10	12	18srcA-26	adults	Which cartoon character is Walt Disney most famous for creating?	Mikey Mouse	Minnie Mouse	Donald Duck	PlutosrcA-27	adults	What is the name of a group of sheep	herd	group	flock	packsrcA-28	adults	What is American automobile race is held annually and considered to be one of the greatest auto races in the world?	Indianapolis 500	NASCAR Raceway	Daytona	Indianapolis 5000srcA-29	adults	Which country is the most pupulated city located in?	Japan	Mexico	India	United StatessrcA-30	adults	How many U.S presidents have served before President Obama?	forty-three	thirty-four	forty-five	fifty-foursrcB-1	adults	"Three Russian czars were named Fyodor, which corresponds to this name in English"	Theodore	Finn	Francsis 	FranklinsrcB-2	adults	A lake on the New York-Vermont border is named for this explorer who visited the region in 1609	Champlain	Poincare	Hudson	DrakesrcB-3	adults	Complete the title of the James Bond film The Man With The Golden...	Gun	Tooth	Delicious	EaglesrcB-4	adults	Complete this phrase. As sick as a...	Dog	Penguin	Parrot	CatsrcB-5	adults	"Complete this stage instruction in Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale: ""Exit, pursued by a ..."""	Bear	Tiger	Dog	ClownsrcB-6	adults	Duffle coats are named after a town in which country?	Belgium	Holland	Germany	AustriasrcB-7	adults	"His universal law of gravitation explained many things, including the action of tides & the motion of comets"	Newton	Bernouli	Gausse	AristotlesrcB-8	adults	How many U.S presidents have served before President Obama?	forty-three	forty-four	forty-five	fifty-foursrcB-9	adults	In the U.S. Judo Federation which belt is rank directly below a black belt?	Brown	Green	Red	GraysrcB-10	adults	In which sport do two teams pull at the opposite ends of a rope?	Tug of war	Basketball	Ice hockey	PolosrcB-11	adults	"Known for the second law of thermodynamics, this lord helped with the laying of the transatlantic cable"	Kelvin	Carnot	Byron	NewtonsrcB-12	adults	"Lucasian Prof. of Mathematics at Cambridge, he was born on January 8, 1942, 300 years to the day after Galileo's death"	Stephen Hawking	Michael Kaku	Roger Penrose	Richard P. FeynmansrcB-13	adults	"Politician & author of ""A History of the English-Speaking Peoples"""	Churchhill	Keynes	Lloyde	HaguesrcB-14	adults	Prime Minister Tony Blair was born in which country?	Scotland	England	Northern Ireland	WalessrcB-15	adults	"Several times in each show, all 6 Thunderbirds, flying 18 inches apart, team up in this formation named for a Greek letter"	Delta Formtaion	Gamma Formtaion	Beta Formtaion	Alpha FormtaionsrcB-16	adults	Sherpas and Gurkhas are native to which country?	Nepal	Morocco	Ecuador	RussiasrcB-17	adults	The Dalai Lama origionated from this Plateau region in Asia?	Tibet	Bhutan	Nepal	ThimpusrcB-18	adults	The USS Prime is a prime example of these vessels that clear harbors of dangerous explosives	Minesweeper	Torpedoes	Dept Charges	MinehuntersrcB-19	adults	The young of which creature is known as a squab?	Pigeon	Octopus	Salmon	HorsesrcB-20	adults	This triple star system is the brightest celestial object in a certain horsey constellation	Alpha Centauri	Orien	Sirius	ProcyonsrcB-21	adults	Upcoming trials for 9/11 suspects held at this facility were reported in 2008?	Guantanamo Bay	Camp Pendleton	Fort Leavenworth	U.S. Naval Consolidated BrigsrcB-22	adults	"What dinosaurs had a muscular jaw that, it's thought, could rip off 500 pounds of meat at once?"	Tyrannosaurus Rex	Velociraptor	Deinonychus 	SpinosaurussrcB-23	adults	What dog has the keenest sense of smell?	bloodhound	beagle	boxer	bassett houndsrcB-24	adults	What is the capital of Canada?	Ottawa	Quebec City	Yukon 	MontrealsrcB-25	adults	What place is the 7 held in for the number 5.6879?	thousands	hundreds	ones	ten thousandssrcB-26	adults	Where would a cowboy wear his chaps?	On his legs	On his head	On his arms	On his handssrcB-27	adults	Which country was the Merino sheep originally developed in?	Spain	Portugal 	Scottland	United KingdomsrcB-28	adults	Which Friends star once was married to actor Brad Pitt?	Jennifer Aniston	Lisa Kudrow	Courtney Cox	Rachel RayssrcB-29	adults	Which king was married to Eleanor of Aquitaine?	Henry II	Henry V	Henry I	Richard I srcB-30	adults	Which legal document states a person's wishes regarding the disposal of their property after death?	Will	Shall	Would	ShouldsrcB-31	adults	Which of these fruits shares its name with something superior or desirable?	Plum	Mango	Grapefruit	ApricotsrcB-32	adults	Which of these zodiac signs is not represented by an animal that grows horns?	Aquarius	Capricorn	Aries	TaurussrcB-33	adults	Which Serbian territory declared independence in 2008? 	Kosovo	Georgia	Abkhazia 	South OssetiasrcB-34	adults	Who is the mayor of New York city?	bloomberg	paterson	harris	lawrencesrcB-35	adults	Who is the patron saint of Spain?	St James	St John	St Peter	St BenedictsrcB-36	adults	Whose autobiography has the title A Long Walk To Freedom?	Nelson Mandela	Ranulph Fiennes	Mikhail Gorbachev	Mother TeresasrcB-37	adults	What is the last name of the scientist who discovered Radiation?	Curie	Fermi	Einstein	PlanksrcB-38	kids	Complete this children's nursery rthyme:  Three blind ___________?	mice	chickens	rats	catssrcB-39	kids	Duffle coats are named after a town in which country?	Germany	Holland	Belgium	AustriasrcB-40	kids	How many cups are in a quart?	4	2	3	1srcB-41	kids	How many lobes are human brains made up of?	4	2	3	1srcB-42	kids	How many planets are in our solar system?	eight	seven	ten	ninesrcB-43	kids	How many states make up the United States of America?	49	50	51	48srcB-44	kids	How many U.S presidents have served before President Obama?	forty-three	thirty-four	forty-five	fifty-foursrcB-45	kids	How many U.S presidents have served before President Obama?	forty-three	forty-four	forty-five	fifty-foursrcB-46	kids	Prime Minister Tony Blair was born in which country?	Scotland	Northern Ireland	England	WalessrcB-47	kids	Sadam Husaine was the leader of which country?	Iraq	Iran	Kuwait	Saudi AriabasrcB-48	kids	Sherpas and Gurkhas are native to which country?	Ecuador	Morocco	Nepal	RussiasrcB-49	kids	The Dalai Lama origionated from this Plateau region in Asia?	Tibet	Bhutan	Nepal	ThimpusrcB-50	kids	"This fish, called the Mola-Mola, and over 12 ft long goes by which more common name?"	Ocean Sunfish	Skate	Toad fish	Long Bonetail fishsrcB-51	kids	What animal uses sonar to catch its prey?	bat	hawk	rat	catsrcB-52	kids	What are collections of limestone cones that arise from the floor of a cave?	Stalagmites	Stalactites	Lava tubes	SpeleothemsrcB-53	kids	What car runs on battery and gasoline?	Hybrid	Bio Fuel	Diesel	GasolinesrcB-54	kids	What country is the most pupulated city located in?	Japan	Mexico	India	United StatessrcB-55	kids	What does PC stand for?	Personal Computer	Private Computer	Pitiful Computer	Professional ComputersrcB-56	kids	What is 10% of $20.00?	$2.00 	$1.00 	$20.00 	$0.20 srcB-57	kids	What is a group of whales called?	pod	swarm	flock	sedgesrcB-58	kids	What is American automobile race is held annually and considered to be one of the greatest auto races in the world?	Indianapolis 500	NASCAR Raceway	Daytona	Indianapolis 5000srcB-59	kids	What is the capital of Canada?	Ottawa	Quebec City	Yukon 	MontrealsrcB-60	kids	What is the capital of New York?	Albany 	Buffalo	New York City	MineolasrcB-61	kids	What is the last name of the scientist who discovered Radiation?	Curie	Fermi	Einstein	PlanksrcB-62	kids	What is the last name of the United States Secretary of State?	Clinton	Biden	Obama	GeithnersrcB-63	kids	What is the most pupulated city in the world?	Tokyo	Mumbai	New York City	ShanghaisrcB-64	kids	What is the name for molten rock expelled by a volcano during an eruption?	lava	magma	pumice	red rocksrcB-65	kids	What is the name of a group of sheep	herd	group	flock	packsrcB-66	kids	What place is the 7 held in for the number 5.6879?	thousands	hundreds	ones	ten thousandssrcB-67	kids	Which cartoon character is Walt Disney most famous for creating?	Mikey Mouse	Minnie Mouse	Donald Duck	PlutosrcB-68	kids	Which country has the largest mountain by elevation?	Nepal	Peru	Chile	United StatessrcB-69	kids	Which country is the most pupulated city located in?	Japan	Mexico	India	United StatessrcB-70	kids	Which Friends star once was married to actor Brad Pitt?	Jennifer Aniston	Lisa Kudrow	Courtney Cox	Rachel RayssrcB-71	kids	Which NFL team won the 2008 superbowl?	New York Giants	New England Patroits	Arizona Cardinals	Pittsburgh SteelerssrcB-72	kids	Which of these colors are created from mixing green and orange?	yellow	red	blue	brownsrcB-73	kids	Which of these fruits are said to contain high amounts of vitamin C?	oranges	pears	pineapple	applessrcB-74	kids	Which of these ships did not sail under Christopher Columbus?	Quinia	Santa Maria	Nina	PintasrcB-75	kids	Which of these zodiac signs is represented by a ram?	Lybra	Capricorn	Aries	AquariussrcB-76	kids	Which of these zodiac signs is represented by a scale?	Lybra	Capricorn	Aries	AquariussrcB-77	kids	Which president designed the New Deal?	Roosevelt	Obamma	Reagan	HooversrcB-78	kids	Which state is Mt. Rushmore located in?	South Dakota	Kansas	Nebraska	IllinoissrcB-79	kids	Which US swimmer won eight gold medals in the 2008 Beijing Games?	Michael Phelps	Roadrunner	The Flash	AquamansrcB-80	kids	Who is the governor of New York?	paterson	bloomberg	harris	lawrencesrcB-81	kids	Who is the mayor of New York city?	bloomberg	paterson	harris	lawrencesrcB-82	kids	Who wrote James and the Giant Peach?	R.L Stein	Roald Dahl	Ray Bradbury	Jean Craighead